README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: update README with project overview and critical technical details

README.md, after:

# United Formulas - B2B Purchase Order System

## 🚀 Overview
This is a custom Next.js storefront built for United Formulas. It features a headless B2B Purchase Order (PO) system that bypasses traditional retail checkout for a direct-to-warehouse workflow.

## 🛠 Tech Stack
- **Framework:** Next.js (App Router)
- **Deployment:** Vercel
- **Email/Dispatch:** Resend API
- **Analytics:** Google Tag Manager (GTM) & GA4

## 📊 Critical Marketing & Analytics (DO NOT RENAME)
To maintain marketing data integrity, the following IDs must remain unchanged:
- **GTM Container ID:** `GTM-KZPZ7VZT`
- **Primary Conversion Button ID:** `submit-po-btn` (Triggers the `po_dispatch_success` event)
- **GA4 Measurement ID:** `G-Q4YR9815LE`

## 📦 Purchase Order Logic
- **State Management:** The `poDraft` state handles the collection of items before submission.
- **Dispatch:** Orders are sent via `/api/send-po` using the Resend API.
- **Validation:** The system checks for warehouse-specific formatting before firing the dispatch.

## 🔑 Environment Variables (Required in Vercel)
The following keys must be configured for the site to function:
- `RESEND_API_KEY`: For email dispatch.
- `WAREHOUSE_EMAIL`: The destination for all PO submissions.
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL`: The production URL (used for absolute asset paths).

## 🛠 Development
Standard Next.js commands apply:
```bash
npm run dev
```
